[giggling]
Are you Dai,
the future Hero?
Yep!
Oh, boy. You're tiny!
King Romos sure does
know how to pick 'em.
[devastated grunt]
Temjin: The royal
family of Papnica
has long served the gods.
And as next in line
for the throne,
Princess Leona must
complete a ritual during
the month of her
fourteenth birthday.
It's only after this that
she may inherit the crown
and become the new
ruler of the kingdom.
We've heard tell there's an
ancient cave on this island.
But why would you want
to go down there?
The ritual requires
sacred ground.
Legend has it,
this is the place.
But with all the stories
of vicious creatures,
no one's dared
to come looking.
It's been fifty years
since our last pilgrimage,
and we feared we might
have to find another way.
King Romos told us
of his encounter with
the creatures of
Dermline Island,
and was certain his Future
Hero would be keen to help.
I see. Well, then.
Dai would be
most honored to
guide your party
to the Earth Cave.
Huh?
We appreciate
your hospitality.
Is it true the beasts
obey Dai's commands?
Yes... But the cavern is
still a dangerous place.
Brass: And it's certainly
no place for a princess.
Varon: Don't worry about her.
Leona's a Sage in training.
She's already mastered
quite a number of spells.
I doubt she'll have
any trouble with a cave.
Grampa...
I don't wanna.
She- Well, she's really rude.
Hey - have respect!
What he means is,
he'd be glad to help.
And if he doesn't,
just leave him there.
Brass: Good luck!
You better know
where you're going.
I'm not getting lost
because of some little boy.
I could get
there blindfolded.
I know this island
like the back of my hand!
Excellent!
We're almost there...
This way.
Varon. Take good
care of the girl.
I understand.
[terrified cries]
What's wrong?
Come on... again?
Hey, no napping on the path.
Let's go! Wake up.
Hey, thanks!
Wow. Amazing!
I'm actually
impressed, little boy.
My name's Dai!
So what other special
talents are you hiding?
Any magic?
Nope. No magic.
Like... Not one spell?
Princess?
Perhaps young Dai here
just hasn't completed
the Rituals of Magic yet.
Oh, no. I did them.
Grampa Brass is
training me to be a Mage,
so I've learned the basics,
but for some reason the
spells just don't work.
Weird... But the magic
should still be bound to you.
Yeah, but if I can't wield it,
then what's the difference?
Maybe I don't have the talent.
Guard: So this
is the Earth Cave?
Guard: How inviting.
Prepare for the ritual.
Both: Sir!
Right. I'll scout the area.
[disappointed sigh]
Whoa - hey! Uh...
Here. You can
wield this, right?
This knife's a
priceless heirloom of
the royal family
of Papnica.
Temjin gets mad
when I carry it.
But he's kind of always mad.
Dai: This is incredible.
If you're no good with magic,
then you definitely need
a reliable weapon, Dai.
Now quit moping
and start practicing.
A good sword won't win
the battle for you.
Oh, gee. Thanks.
Princess, are you always
this honest with everyone?
Yep. The truth is
always better for everybody.
Even if they don't like it.
[laughing]
It's not like you called me
rude to my face or anything...
What? Y-you heard that?
That was just, uh-
[laughing]
Varon: Gush!
[screeching]
[nervous grunts]
An Evil Scorpion?
Another one of your
friends? Tell it to stop!
No - that monster definitely
isn't from this island.
Dai: Everyone get away!
Defend the Princess!
Like rock...
[pained grunts]
Are you okay?!
Watch your back!
Sizz!
But magic always works...
[pained cry]
No, Leona!
Leave her alone!
[roaring]
Whoa... Man...
This is some knife.
[roaring]
Where's your weakness?
Gotcha!
[roaring]
[pained screeching]
[distressed chirping]
Princess Leona!
Dai: Oh, no.
Scorpion venom...
Even Antidotal
Herbs won't help.
Dai: Gomechan!
You'd better head back and
tell Grampa what's happening.
Squelch is the only healing
spell that might cure her,
and there's no time to waste.
[understanding chirps]
Hang on. Help is on the way.
Don't tell me
it's spreading...
[frustrated groan]
Dai: Why didn't I take my
magic training more seriously?
Dai: Varon!
Just in time! She needs
a Squelch spell, fast!
Dai: A Magic Cylinder?
Out of the way...
I'll make this quick.
[confused breath]
Bang!
And never come out again!
Brass: Dai washed
ashore on the island
when he was only
a few weeks old.
After that, we all
raised him together,
as if he were one of us.
Everyone here
considers him family.
[panicked squeaking]
How long ago?
[chirping]
Apparently, your
princess is in trouble.
She's been poisoned
by an evil scorpion!
I can save her,
but we need to move!
How did a dangerous monster
like that get onto the island?
Now... I have a
Squelch spell to cast.
I'm trying to help!
I'm afraid we can't
let you do that.
If you save her, our
expedition will be a waste.
What are you saying?
The girl's the last
of her bloodline.
Once she's gone,
there are no
more successors
and Papnica Kingdom
will be mine to rule.
This silly ritual was
always smoke and mirrors.
And when people ask,
we can tell them you miserable
creatures were responsible.
[cackling]
Miserable?!
How dare you!
Traitor!
Besides you,
only Varon and my trusted
servants here know...
And I don't think
you'll tell a soul.
Frizz!
Listen; I need you
to round everybody up.
We're going to run these
villains off the island.
[squeaking]
[roaring]
What now?
[pained groan]
Dai: Come on!
Not another dead end?!
[attacking roars]
[snarling]
You call yourself
a servant of the gods,
and yet you'd betray
your own master
to take the throne
for yourself?
You're a weasel.
Gush!
The Killing Machine!
But how?! It's impossible!
The Dark Lord
forged that thing
so he could destroy
the Hero himself.
Without his essence-
it shouldn't even move!
Varon: Let me
show you, old fool.
[chuckling]
You've conjured a way to
power it using Sage Magic...
Temjin: That's right...
Once the Dark Lord fell,
the machine became a mere
husk of scrap metal.
But thanks to
my modifications,
now even the
will of a human
can control its
terrifying arsenal.
You've made a grave error.
Such power...
and nothing will stop you.
Now... destroy!
[attacking roars]
Stay back, everybody.
Frizzle!
How's that?
Varon: Pathetic.
Did you really think
that would work?
This machine was designed
to withstand Hero Magic.
Your spells won't
leave a scratch.
Varon: But me on
the other hand...
Dai?
You're awake.
Where... Are we?
We're underground somewhere.
Deep inside the Earth cave.
The... Earth cave?
If I had just been stronger...
If I could use magic,
I'd be able to
heal you right here.
Now I can't even get us
out of this place...
I... I failed.
Leona: No, you didn't...
Did you know that most people
can't even bind with magic?
Leona: But you can.
Princess...
Listen... You saw it yourself.
Every spell bound with you...
That means you must
have some talent...
I still can't use it...
Not right now,
but keep trying.
Things just don't happen
overnight with magic.
Leona...
Leona: Now, quit
being such a whiner...
Or... I'm going to
have to stop liking you.
Dai: No, Leona!
Please don't
give in. Wake up!
Dai: I'll get
you out of here.
No matter what
it takes - I promise!
You can't die...
I won't let you go!
[powered-up yell]
Now what's happening?
[chuckling]
Hello, gramps.
[struggling grunts]
Goodbye...
Dai: Stop it!
Leave him alone.
Stay back!
Fool! The princess
is still alive?
That brat...
What is this thing?
Varon: Your doom!
These cowards are here
to betray the Princess.
You need to escape with her
- right away, Dai!
Dai: But we need your help!
The venom's spreading fast.
We're almost out of time here.
If you don't cast a
Squelch Spell on her,
she's not going to make it.
You're right...
Temjin: Varon! Forget the kid.
Get rid of the Lump Shaman.
Once he's gone,
all we have to do is let
the venom run its course.
Grampa!
This is it, old man.
Say your goodbyes.
[furious roaring]
Kaswoosh!
Dai... He cast a spell!
Are you all right, Grampa?
What do you think?!
[chuckling]
You caught me off-guard.
Even a Kaswoosh didn't work?!
Varon: I'm going to destroy...
all of you!
Dai: Not on my watch.
You've already
done enough damage!
Don't make me laugh, insect!
[amused cackle]
Nice try.
But I promise you,
it's no use.
Varon: Magic won't
penetrate this machine.
And you lack the strength
to do any real
damage with that sword.
You're hopeless.
I'm going to enjoy
breaking you.
Dai!
And checkmate.
[attacking roar]
[screaming]
But, how?!
The machine's armor is
supposed to be impenetrable!
Varon: I don't believe it...
That pesky rat's been hitting
the same spot this whole time!
Varon: What is that?
No!
Sizzle!
[defeated roar]
Temjin: Impossible...
No magic has ever pierced
the Dark Lord's machine.
Brass: Well, for the Bishop
of Papnica, you lack wisdom.
The armor was already pierced,
so the Sizzle Spell had
nothing in it's way.
Grampa...
The Princess!
Oh, right.
Guard: Bishop Temjin!
What's wrong? We saw
the blast from the ship.
It's all over.
You better tell
them the truth.
Temjin: The truth...
This feral child
poisoned Princess Leona.
Leona: That's not how
I remember it, Temjin.
Are you all right,
Your Highness? Who did this?
Go ahead. Tell them the truth.
It might not
make you feel better,
but I'll enjoy
watching you squirm...
Plus, it's good
practice for when
you face the courts back home.
Leona: Mighty Earth God,
I come before you as
the successor to
the throne of Papnica.
I ask for your
blessing to guide me
as the kingdom's new ruler.
Awesome. She actually
sounded like a real princess.
She is. Be quiet!
May our people
thrive in every season.
[amazed breath]
I owe you one, Dai.
You saved my life back there.
Nah... I'm glad I
could help, Your Majesty.
Same! I told you that
you could do magic.
Yeah, you did...
Thanks.
Well, when you finish your
training to become a Hero,
come and visit me in Papnica.
Maybe I'll even let you be
my bodyguard or something.
Uh... That seems
like a lot of work...
[amused laughter]
Dai: See you around, Princess.
It's "Leona", Dai.
You don't need to
call me "Princess".
Oh, but...
Leona: And if you
ever make the mistake
of talking to me like
a stranger again...
I'll throw you
in the dungeon.
Dai: Bye, Leona!
Good luck with the kingdom!
Safe travels!
Brass: Now, young man.
What d'ya say...
Will you show me that again?
Show you what?
Your Kaswoosh Spell,
of course.
Sure!
Here goes... Kaswoosh!
Uh.... Then, Sizzle!
Brass: You keep
working on it, Dai.
[panicked cries]
[worried yell]
We've got a problem! Master?
Popp: It's bad...
Really, seriously bad.
A whole ton of monsters just
showed up and hit the harbor.
Avan: Well, that is a pickle.
Huh?
Trouble...
It means the Dark Lord
has resurrected.
Okay...
Well shouldn't we go back and
help those people
fight 'em off?
The soldiers can handle them.
And we have much more
pressing matters at hand.
Oh...
The future, Popp.
We need to guard the future.
I'm lost.
So is our future Hero.
And if the Dark Lord has
returned, we must find them.
Avan: And that means we'd
better start looking.
Narrator: When the
forces of darkness
converge on Dermline Island,
Dai meets a Mage named Popp
and a man who calls
himself the Tutor.
In order to protect his
friends and save the world,
Dai must undergo a gauntlet
of challenges designed to
unleash his potential
as the future Hero.
But can he live up to
the Tutor's expectations?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Hero's Tutor"!